1- What is NPM?
   NPM is a package manager used to manage the project configuration and dependencies (Dev or Global).
2) What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Answer: These are BUNDLERS. We need these bundlers in our projects so that we can make production ready optimized (JS, Images), 
        minified and performant application. Bunlders are used to bundle are code into single JS, HTML and CSS files.

3) What is `.parcel-cache`?
Answer: .parcle-cache is a folder which created by Parcel it'self while building the dev or prod build. It's store information
        about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to reparse and re-analyze everything
        from strach. It's basically cache all the information about your project to re-build fast next build. It will track all
        the dev dependency, plugin, any files that are used in your build.

4) What is `npx` ?
Answer: NPX is a package executer used to execute the local or global packages without even installing that package.

5) What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`?
Answer: Every project is having dependency on other packages and modules so the packages which is required on development environment
        as well as for global environment is known as dependencies and the packages which is required only for development only known
        as devDependencies.

6) What is Tree Shaking?
Answer: Tree Shaking is a mechanism used by mordern bundlers (webpack, vite and parcel) to eliminate the dead or unused code
        in your projects. It is used to elininate the unnecessary code from the final bundle. Leaving behind only code that is
        used in your application.

7) What is Hot Module Replacement?
Answer: Hot Module Replacement is a mechanism or technique used by mordern bundlers (webpack, vite and parcel) to check whether changes 
        has been done or not and automatically refresh the browser with updated code.

8) List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.?
Answer: - Hot Module Replacement: Used to automatically refresh the browser with updated code
        - File Watcher Algorithms: Using this algo Parcel keep track of the files and something got changes 
        - Minifying the code: While makeing the build, Parcel minified the code and generate the minified js, html and css
        - Optimization
        - Code Clean Up and fast build

9) What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
Answer: .gitignore is a file that we create in our working directory. Which is used to ignore files/folders that we don't want to
        track in our git repository. We should puts the files/folders in the .gitignore file which can be autogenerated by the server.
        We should not add package.json or package-lock.json file to the .gitignore file which required for production build and dev.

10) What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
Answer: package.json file is used to manage our project configuration and dependencies. It list all the dependencies and project
        configuration in the file which includes project name, version, author etc.
        package-lock.json file is used to keep track of the dependencies when you installed it. It's automatic generated file while
        installing the dependencies. (Ensure that the exact version of the package)

11) Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
Answer: It is not a good idea to modify the `package-lock.json` file as it gets created when you have already installed the dependencies.
         So then it will conflict with the package.json dependencies that you have already installed.

12) What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?
Answer: node_modules is a folder that will created when you have already installed the dependencies. NPM keep track of all the
        installed dependencies through node_modules folder.

13) What is the `dist` folder?
Answer: dist is a folder which is auto-generated at the time of creating the build via bundlers which consists of minified files.

14) What is `browserlists`?
Answer: browserlists is a packages used to make my code compatible for older versions of browsers.   